Adding examples (#47)
GSK-Biostatistics/beastt: README.Rmd

```

# beastt

## Bayesian Evaluation, Analysis, and Simulation Software Tools for Trials (beastt)

<!-- badges: start -->

[![Lifecycle: experimental](https://img.shields.io/badge/lifecycle-experimental-orange.svg)](https://lifecycle.r-lib.org/articles/stages.html#experimental) [![CRAN status](https://www.r-pkg.org/badges/version/beastt)](https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=beastt) [![R-CMD-check](https://github.com/GSK-Biostatistics/beastt/actions/workflows/R-CMD-check.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/GSK-Biostatistics/beastt/actions/workflows/R-CMD-check.yaml)

<!-- badges: end -->

## Overview

Welcome to the "beastt" package! This R package is designed to assist users in performing Bayesian dynamic borrowing with covariate adjustment via inverse probability weighting for simulations and data analyses in clinical trials.

## Installation

You can install the development version of {beastt} from [GitHub](https://github.com/) with:

``` r
# install.packages("devtools")
devtools::install_github("GSK-Biostatistics/beastt")
```

## Usage

> At the moment {beastt} covers normal and binomial cases for more information see the vingettes. We are looking to add survival and repeated measure cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the moment {beastt} covers cases when borrowing from external control data with either normal or binary endpoints. For more information, see the vignettes. Future updates are expected to include cases with survival endpoints and repeated measure.
```
